feat: Adding disclaimer about Reimport feature (#4538)
camunda/camunda-docs: optimize/self-managed/optimize-deployment/reimport.md

You then have to manually publish event-based processes after you have restarted Optimize.
:::

> Please note, this functionality is only available when using Optimize with ElasticSearch as a database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
Engine data reimport is only available when using Optimize with ElasticSearch as a database.
:::
```
Suggestion to add this as a note admonition instead.
